Create speedread.md (#11192)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/speedread.md

Author: I considered that, but I thought my way was more readable for this small amount of information.

I can  change it if you'd like.

# speedread

> > A simple terminal-based open source Spritz-alike.
> > This command line filter shows input text as a per-word RSVP (rapid serial visual presentation) aligned on optimal reading points.
> > This kind of input mode allows reading text at a much more rapid pace than usual as the eye can stay fixed on a single place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A simple terminal-based open source Spritz-alike.
> Shows input text as a per-word RSVP (rapid serial visual presentation) aligned on optimal reading points, which allows reading text at a much more rapid pace than usual as the eye can stay fixed on a single place.
```

# speedread

> A simple terminal-based open source Spritz-alike.
> Shows input text as a per-word RSVP (rapid serial visual presentation) aligned on optimal reading points, which allows reading text at a much more rapid pace than usual as the eye can stay fixed on a single place.
> More information: <https://github.com/pasky/speedread>.

> - Read a text file at a speed of 250 wpm:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Read a text file at a specific speed:
```
We can generalize this description as the value is a placeholder.

> - Basic example.  Read `tea.txt` at a speed of 250 wpm:
> 
> `cat tea.txt | speedread -wpm {{250}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Read a text file at a speed of 250 wpm:

`cat {{path/to/file.txt}} | speedread -wpm {{250}}`
```

A few suggestions:

- We don't follow the "Basic example" convention across our pages so we can remove it.
- We can generalize the description and also update the input to a path placeholder to align with our other pages.

> - Resume from line:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Resume from a specific line:
```

> `cat tea.txt | speedread -resume {{5}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.txt}} | speedread -resume {{5}}`
```
Same here

- Show multiple words at a time:

> `cat tea.txt | speedread -multiword`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.txt}} | speedread -multiword`
```
Same here

> - Slow down by 10%:
> 
> `[`
> 
> - Speed up by 10%:
> 
> `]`
> 
> - Pause, and show the last few lines as context:
> 
> `<space>`

Reviewer 3: Hi, in addition to @sebastiaanspeck's comment I recommend to add these notes so the command examples wouldn't interfere with [`[`, the inbuilt Bash shell operator](https://nix.reinhart1010.id/en/common/%5B.html).

```suggestion
- Slow down by 10% during the reading session:

`[`

- Speed up by 10% during the reading session:

`]`

- Pause, and show the last few lines as context:

`<space>`
```

Reviewer 2: > That seems a bit too unnecessarily verbose. How does this interfere with the inbuilt shell operator?

I agree with @reinhart1010's suggestion here, although an existing user of Speedread might know where this should be used, without a clear/verbose description it would confuse a lot of non-technical but casual Linux users when they execute it out of the blue, as to why the command is a Shell operator.

Author: It's specified that it's a keybinding, not an argument
